If the mission failure is detected, it will be erased soon.
Xu Tao
I thought I'd never see you again, fool.
How come?
He is he is from heaven
Also help us
If it weren't for him, I couldn't have saved you
Sky fairy sister
My job is done.
Congratulations on completing this difficult task
There is one last piece, and you can soar to immortality.
What mission?
Say it quickly
This last one is your ultimate postgraduate entrance examination
I don't know if you can finish it, I will definitely ask
Let you cut off all emotions and desires
Then what?
Cut off the seven emotions and six desires
No, no, I'll help you with a spell
painless
Hey no no no this is your last chance
No no no no no